21/9/26- Aryan has gone to Bali with some girl. Okay, not just some girl.. his mom's friend's daughter. He said his mom wants them to get to know each other. Like seriously, this is how match making starts. And people go to Bali for their honeymoon.. I think they choose the wrong place or maybe something is going on that i dont know. Maybe, maybe not. My mind is a mess. I spoke to Karan and he directly said that they might have a secret relation. I have asked him to send me a picture with her. I dont know what i am going to see tomorrow. Rushank noticed i was upset in office. At night, i was on the verge of crying.. Rushank kept me calm, i slept happily (wothout Aryan in my mind)

22/9/26- Today, me and Rushank we just standing outside the office at around 8 and suddenly a dog ran past me.. I got startled and quickly caught his hand (kind of pinched, not grabbed). He was kind of shocked, that my panic was scratching and not grabbing. But anyways he is too good. Aryan sent me a picture with her. He had his hand on her waist, fine i am jealous. I dont even know why i am jealous of this/him. I was going to do the same thing with Ashwin. Send him a picture, make him jealous. Maybe this is really karma hitting me back. Anyways, i sent this picture to Rushank and the first thing he asked was if i was okay, and if no then i should feel free to talk to him.. He clearly said he is concerned about me. So sweet of him, he is clearly a green flag.

23/9/26- Rushank woke me up at 6:30 today, he called me. It was so sweet (i had told him to wake me up), but still him giving his time to call me(the first thing i listen is his voice). I did some exercises in my room and surya namaskar. I could not go down without telling anyone (it would get rude). Rushank is just really nice, I dont even know if he is really nice or i am going to get a new leason for me ?? . Anyways, when we were chatting at night he was really caring and sweet. I called him my personal chatgpt/alarm. Atleast he is personal to me. I am good with whatever is going on right now.

24/9/26- Today was a mess. I had to make the document in office, college people were eating my brains and Rushank had his own work to do. I was so messed up in my mind, all i wanted to do was sleep. i wrote some part of it and decided to do the other parts tomorrow. I dont know what the college wants from me now. Even prajakta called to ask what the hell is going on and honestly i had no idea. Anyways i went to Anupam today and got the keychain exchanged. I got the hammer... I gave Rushank the option to choose which one i should get (he is the one who will have to suffer due to it). Today while chatting he just said he is not going to come tomorrow. I was just so scared and then afte about 5-7 mins he is like he was joking and stuff. I almost died from this joke of his. He has promised to never do this again. He is considerate in this thing (whenever he plans to date/or who ever he is dating will be so lucky)